[Internal review] playwright: Update to latest versions and add new page objects (#75)
eclipsesource/theia: examples/playwright/docs/DEVELOPING.md

Reviewer: - I also had to run `npx playwright install`. Should we mention this here and in the `GETTING_STARTED.md`?
- The section *Prerequisites* seems to be outdated now as we don't have to run `yarn browser start`. I suggest to mention that you can execute Theia with `yarn browser start` or via the launch config manually to run the Playwright tests against this specific Theia backend (which may be useful if you also want to debug the Theia backend during the test run), or you omit starting Theia and Playwright will do this for you.
- I feel we should also mention the VS Code Playwright Test extension in this guide again similar to how we mention it in the `GETTING_STARTED.md`
- Please spell VS Code consistently *VS Code* and not *VSCode*

Author: > I also had to run npx playwright install. Should we mention this here and in the GETTING_STARTED.md?

Thanks for catching that! I had another look at the scripts and basically the build step had to be triggered manually and linting was actually never executed.
I adapted the scripts and changed to make use of the `theiaext` scripts.
I tested with a clean repo and now running `yarn` should install all necessary playwright deps and browser

Author: See https://github.com/eclipsesource/theia/pull/75#discussion_r1159701504

To start the tests run `yarn ui-tests` in the root of this package. This will start the tests located in `src/tests` in a headless mode.

To only run a single test file, the path of a test file can be set with `yarn ui-tests <path-to-file>` or `yarn ui-tests -g "<partial test file name>"`.
See the [Playwright Test command line documentation](https://playwright.dev/docs/running-tests#command-line).

### Running the tests headful

To start the tests in a headful mode run `yarn ui-tests-headful` in the root of this package. This will start the tests located in `src/tests` in a headful mode.

### Watch the tests

> To watch, run `yarn watch` in the root of this package. This ensures, that the testing code is up-to-date also for executing via the Playwright VSCode Extension.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Run `yarn watch` in the root of this package to rebuild the test code after each change. This ensures, that the executed tests are up to date also when running them with the [Playwright VS Code Extension](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=ms-playwright.playwright).
```
